Winnick , a long-time Princeton resident , is the man behind a new Friends of Obama Club of the United States , which recently held its first meeting .
But major rethinking is seen as unlikely in the United States , whose strategic priority remains to help allies protect their oil and defend themselves against Iran .
According to the Pew Research Center in Washington , D.C. , over the next 19 years about 10,000 people in the United States will reach that milestone age every day .
United States should lead NATO in immediately declaring a no-fly zone for Gadhafi 's military aircraft and announcing that Libyan airspace is being monitored for violations .
Than Shwe and the Burmese government , for instance , or perhaps Kim Jong-un , the incoming Young General who will take over North Korea from his despotic dad.And , of course , there is the small matter of the 100,000-odd ethnic Nepalese that the King Jigme Singye kicked out of Bhutan and who lived for several decades in seven UN refugee camps in southeastern Nepal until the United States offered to take 60,000 of them and five other nations each took 10,000 for resettlement .
" Going forward , the United States will continue to closely coordinate our actions with the international community , including our friends and allies , and the United Nations .
This fiscal year we will spend another half trillion on this unnecessary program , the Federal Reserve monetary system , unnecessary because the United States is a sovereign nation with the inherent monetary authority to issue all the money it needs or wants in any form we choose .
But Morris and those who think Libya will continue on with Moammar Gadhafi as its leader will remain correct only if the United States continues in its muddled message .
And there is definitely room for improvement : in 2009 , the United States imported 51 percent of the oil it consumed .
We believe that the investors who control most of the wealth in the United States are fast catching on to the distinction between RIAs and investment brokers .
We believe that the investors who control most of the wealth in the United States are fast catching on to the distinction between RIAs and investment brokers .
