So , who was this soft-spoken , buzz-cut guy at the podium Friday who plays only one position ?
So , who was this soft-spoken , buzz-cut guy at the podium Friday who plays only one position ?
So , who was this soft-spoken , buzz-cut guy at the podium Friday who plays only one position ?
So , who was this soft-spoken , buzz-cut guy at the podium Friday who plays only one position ?
So , who was this soft-spoken , buzz-cut guy at the podium Friday who plays only one position ?
CAIRO - AS HUNDREDS of Egyptian college students rallied at the iconic pyramids of Giza on Friday to promote tourism , camel guide Salah Shabani stood to the side and looked on with sadness .
" Abstract" ,"CAIRO - AS HUNDREDS of Egyptian college students rallied at the iconic pyramids of Giza on Friday to promote tourism , camel guide Salah Shabani stood to the side and looked on with sadness .
The Senate on Friday unanimously confirmed two of Gov. Martinez 's Cabinet secretaries .
Martinez has n't changed her mind about defunding the agency in the next fiscal year , spokesman Scott Darnell said Friday , but appointed the members because , " the board continues to have activities through the end of the fiscal year . "
The House Education Committee on Friday gave a do-pass to a bill that would establish a statewide nursing program to coordinate the education of New Mexico nursing-school students .
Stapleton on Friday had been grilling Secretary of Education-Designate Hannah Skandera on HB 21 , which would retain children in the third grade if they cannot demonstrate reading proficiency .
Witnesses say Gadhafi 's government has responded by shooting on protesters in numerous cities . Loyalist militias on Friday opened fire on thousands of demonstrators in the Libyan capital of Tripoli .
Opinion polls carried out before Friday 's election showed Fianna Fail , in government for most of the past 79 years , would be the first political victim of Europe 's debt crisis while Fine Gael was within shot of an outright majority for the first time .
The measures announced Friday ended days of cautious U.S. condemnation of Gadhafi that had been driven by concerns for the safety of U.S. citizens in Libya .
U.S. forces had confirmed the hijacking Friday off the coast of Oman and monitored the yacht closely as it moved southwest in the following days headed for the Somali coast .
Starbucks Corp. is one step closer to ending its distribution partnership with Kraft Foods Inc. after a U.S. Appeals Court on Friday upheld a lower court ruling against Kraft .
Friday meetings , which perform hours-long postmortems on what went right and wrong that week .
But global leaders were meeting Friday to talk about what kind of pressure can be brought on Gadhafi to surrender control and limit the humanitarian consequences .
The Freak hardly looked like his dominant self in his short exhibition debut Friday , but that 's often the case for San Francisco 's two-time NL Cy Young Award winner this time of year -- and he does n't worry much about Cactus League numbers .
Even the annual review of the economy - the Economic Survey - released Friday cautioned against high inflation and advocated hiking interest rates by the Reserve Bank of India .
But now I 'm convinced it 's going to be a long standoff , after hearing a veteran agent say that NFLPA executive director DeMaurice Smith on Friday reported no progress on the three main issues that separate the two sides : 1 ) The size of the revenue split between players and owners , 2 ) the 18-game schedule debate , and 3 ) institution of a rookie wage scale .
CAIRO &mdash ; Hundreds of thousands of protesters turned out in cities across the Middle East on Friday to protest the unaccountability of their leaders and express solidarity with the uprising in <a href= "http ://topics .nytimes.com/top/news/international/countriesandterritories/libya/index .html ?inline=nyt-geo " title =" More news and information about Libya . "
Late Friday , in what appeared to be a concession to the protesters , the king fired three ministers .
Although some of the chants and symbols Friday had a religious cast , protesters&rsquo ; demands remained the same &mdash ; emphasizing a nonsectarian call for democracy and the downfall of the government .
In trading on Friday , hospital & medical practitioners shares were relative leaders , up on the day by about 2.1 % .
Oh , what a night Friday was for the Utah Jazz .
The only other additional penalty he received Friday was a requirement that he and two assistants must attend a NCAA rules seminar .
The only other additional penalties handed out Friday were the probation that runs through Feb. 24 , 2013 , a public reprimand and censure , and a limit of five official paid visits for each of the next two academic years .
The only other additional penalty he received Friday was a requirement that he and two assistants must attend a NCAA rules seminar .
The only other additional penalties handed out Friday were the probation that runs through Feb. 24 , 2013 , a public reprimand and censure , and a limit of five official paid visits for each of the next two academic years .
Friday 's talk lasted nearly two hours .
Republicans on Friday proposed a two-week continuing resolution that would cut spending by about $ 4 billion , and the cuts incorporated several of the reductions proposed by President Obama in his 2012 budget proposal .
Rahma tells TIME she was out among the crowds earlier on Friday but had been inside at home after hearing from family members elsewhere in the city that troops had shot unarmed marchers .
