In Brussels , NATO held an emergency meeting Friday on the deteriorating situation in Libya but took no action .
Meanwhile , after three days of delays , a US-chartered ferry carrying Americans and other foreigners out of the chaos of Libya has finally arrived at the Mediterranean island of Malta .
He added that the instability in Libya constituted an "unusual and extraordinary threat " to U.S. national security and foreign policy .
Libya ranks among the world &# 39;s most corrupt countries and has enormous assets to plunder .
" Sanctions that affect the senior political leadership of a regime like Libya have been shown to have an effect , " he said .
As he spoke , reports emerged of sniper and artillery fire in Tripoli , said Mohammed Ali Abdallah of the National Front for the Salvation of Libya , which opposes Gadhafi 's regime .
Libya 's uprising , after four decades of Gadhafi 's iron rule , took root first in the nation 's eastern province .
The U.S. military began to " cautiously re-engage " with Libya in 2009 after Libya 's decision to halt its weapons of mass destruction programs and compensate victims of terrorism , Carney explained .
Carney said U.S. leaders still believe Libya 's destiny "is a matter for the people of Libya to decide .
The violence and unrest in Libya continues to dominate the newspapers .
Analysts said the chaos in Libya limits the steps the U.S. can take now .
U.S. stocks fell this week , driving the Standard &amp; Poor’s 500 Index to the biggest drop in three months , after surging oil amid speculation Libya is heading for civil war spurred concern that economic growth will slow .
I have a feeling Libya 's revolution will go on without him , though I did n't hear it from Jamahiriya TV .
Protests in Libya began in January when demonstrators , fed up with delays , broke into a housing project the government was building and occupied it .
The American embassy in Libya suspended operations for security reasons , though State Department officials stressed that diplomatic ties were not suspended and channels for discussion remained open .
Several people were wounded Friday amid reports of sniper and artillery fire in Tripoli , said Mohammed Ali Abdallah of the National Front for the Salvation of Libya , which opposes Gadhafi 's regime .
Ibrahim Dabbashi , Libya 's deputy ambassador to the United Nations , has said the death toll from the unrest could be as high as 800 .
Amnesty International also called on the Security Council to refer Libya to the International Criminal Court and impose an arms embargo .
But Morris and those who think Libya will continue on with Moammar Gadhafi as its leader will remain correct only if the United States continues in its muddled message .
VALLETTA , Malta -- After three days of delays , a U.S.-chartered ferry carrying Americans and other foreigners out of the chaos of Libya has finally arrived at the Mediterranean island of Malta .
26 -- U.S. stocks fell this week , driving the Standard &amp; Poor&rsquo ;s 500 Index to the biggest drop in three months , after surging oil amid speculation Libya is heading for civil war spurred concern that economic growth will slow .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 260.80 points , or 2.1 percent , to 12,130.45.&ldquo;The events in Libya were the key driver ,&rdquo ; said David Joy , chief market strategist at Columbia Management in Boston , which oversees $ 327 billion .
Libya , the holder of Africa&rsquo ;s largest oil reserves , is the latest country in the region to be convulsed by protests ignited by the ouster of Tunisia&rsquo ;s president last month and energized by the departure of Egypt&rsquo ;s President Hosni Mubarak on Feb. 11.Analysts at Morgan Stanley say sharp increases in oil prices pose the biggest threat to growth because consumers suffer a sudden hit to purchasing power .
26 -- Treasury 10-year notes gained the most in nine months as political turmoil in Libya drove investors to the safety of U.S. debt and raised concern that surging oil prices may restrain a fledgling economic recovery .
Don’t the collectivist critics see that in places like Egypt and Libya commercial devices and platforms are being used for civic activism ?
Volatility Requires A Sell Strategy ">Downside volatility returned to the markets this week , as unrest in Libya caused oil prices to hit $ 100 in the U.S. for the first time in two years .
212106 : 211911;var cnnShareTitle = encodeURIComponent ;var cnnShareDesc = encodeURIComponent (" Libya 's beleaguered leader Moammar Gadhafi Thursday blamed the uprising sweeping Libya on Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda , accusing the terrorist group of supplying Libyans with pills inducing them to revolt .
Some have argued that with the LIFG sidelined , the best-placed group to take advantage of deteriorating conditions in Libya is al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , a largely Algerian terrorist group that grew out of the GIA .
In the battle to shape the future of Libya , much will depend on what happens in the next days and weeks .
