" Tall , that was the first thing I said , " Williams said of his first impression of the Nets ' owner , 6-foot-7 Russian billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov.
" He was just telling me how excited he was , and he wanted to come and see me in person , " said Williams , who admitted he was impressed that Prokhorov cancelled plans yesterday to fly from British Columbia to watch the debut of the Nets ' trade-acquired superstar .
It meant a lot , " said Williams , who had 14 points and 12 assists .
Williams was dealt by Utah on Wednesday in a blockbuster deal before the trade deadline that none saw coming .
Johnson said before the game they 'd have to "wing it " in the first game with Williams , who New Jersey wants to make the long-term face of their franchise .
Williams has made no commitment beyond 2012 , when he can opt out of his contract .
New Jersey shipped point guard Devin Harris , rookie forward Derrick Favors , the No. 3 pick overall in the draft ; two first-round draft picks and $ 3 million in cash for Williams , who had spent all six of his NBA seasons with the Jazz .
Williams missed four of his first five shots and weathered the expected handful of broken plays , like a bounce pass Brook Lopez did n't see coming and skipped untouched to the scorer 's table .
Williams missed four of his first five shots and weathered the expected handful of broken plays , like a bounce pass Brook Lopez did n't see coming and skipped untouched to the scorer 's table .
Williams headlined the 13th different Nets starting lineup , which also included rookie forward Damion James , who played for the first time since Dec. 9 after breaking his right foot .
Notes : Williams blamed his poor shooting on again tweaking a strained tendon in his wrist that has bothered him for weeks .
Williams was busy at the other end , stopped 35 of 38 shots .
Williams was busy at the other end , stopped 35 of 38 shots .
Coach Derrick Taylor left him in the game , and Williams responded with two quick baskets to ignite the sluggish Toreadors , turning a precarious 10-point lead into a rout .
There&#8217 ;s no clear evidence cited in Zeese&#8217 ;s complaint that Hunton &amp; Williams ever actively suggested those tactics or that they were ever implemented on behalf of Bank of America or the Chamber of Commerce , though the law firm continued to work with HBGary after it suggested the borderline-illegal behavior .
New Jersey may get an assist from the new collective bargaining agreement because Williams might not be able to get even close to the $ 17.8 million he could make in 2012-13 under the player option in his current deal .
Williams was n't on New Jersey 's radar last week .
Playing the most important position in basketball , Williams not only has the ability to rack up numbers himself , but he also can help others do the same .
Williams and Anthony did n't have much in common before this week .
Williams can opt out of his contract in 2012 , which will give the Nets that long to persuade him to stick around and be the face of theirs .
In the immediate aftermath of the trade , reports surfaced that Williams was n't at all happy with the deal .
But even if Williams was irritated by the trade , that opinion can change if the Nets convince him they have a plan to win.win .
Because even if Williams wants to play in a big market , there are plenty out there just as appealing as Brooklyn .
