A nonviolent revolt against Gadhafi 's four-decade-old rule began Feb. 15 amid a wave of uprisings across the region and has swept over most of the country 's eastern half .
Araud said the proposed sanctions do not include a no-fly zone over Libya &mdash ; as some Gadhafi opponents have called for &mdash ; because "you need planes and bases and it 's a war operation . "
Shalgham , the Libyan ambassador to the U.N. , said he initially " could not imagine " Gadhafi 's troops were firing on the protesters .
The measures announced Friday ended days of cautious U.S. condemnation of Gadhafi that had been driven by concerns for the safety of U.S. citizens in Libya .
As they left , fighting raged on in Tripoli and elsewhere in Libya as Gadhafi vowed to crush the rebellion that now controls large parts of the country .
" It&# 39;s clear that Col . Gadhafi has lost the confidence of his people , " Carney told reporters .
Gadhafi is a special case , as anyone who has seen his recent appearances can attest .
Asked if Gadhafi has a &quot;Plan B&quot ; to leave Libya , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi told CNN Turk : &quot ; We have Plan A , Plan B , Plan C. Plan A is to live and die in Libya .
Asked if Gadhafi has a &quot;Plan B&quot ; to leave Libya , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi told CNN Turk : &quot ; We have Plan A , Plan B , Plan C. Plan A is to live and die in Libya .
But global leaders were meeting Friday to talk about what kind of pressure can be brought on Gadhafi to surrender control and limit the humanitarian consequences .
President Obama Friday declared a state of emergency to impose unilateral sanctions on Libya for violence the Gadhafi regime has inflicted on its people . "
Witnesses have told various news outlets Gadhafi 's forces and militia have fired on protesters .
We changed our mind after Gadhafi addressed the country and alarmed the world in his speech on Monday .
Some of Gadhafi 's thugs posed as anti-government protesters and told men on the street to join them , he said .
Some of Gadhafi 's thugs posed as anti-government protesters and told men on the street to join them , he said .
A protester I interviewed earlier confirmed that , saying they were spreading rumors that Gadhafi had left the country .
Gadhafi 's government , which has ruled since a 1969 coup , responded with a $ 24 billion fund for housing and development .
Steps were also taken to ensure that top Gadhafi officials do n't steal Libyan financial assets in what may be their final days in power .
Gadhafi 's &quot ;legitimacy has been reduced to zero in the eyes&quot ; of the Libyan people , Carney told reporters .
If militant extremist groups gains traction anywhere in Libya , they will likely do so first in places like Darnah , where years of neglect by the Gadhafi regime have created some of the bleakest socioeconomic prospects for young men in the Middle East , as well as simmering anger toward Tripoli .
