Who wants to play in Utah ? &mdash ; to the east coast by employing the same tactic Anthony used on the Nuggets .
Who wants to play in Utah ? &mdash ; to the east coast by employing the same tactic Anthony used on the Nuggets .
Anthony said he bumped the elbow midway through the second half , when he even experienced some numbness .
Anthony was n't alone in his struggles .
D'Antoni said the Knicks are a little smaller now than they were before the Anthony trade , which may help explain the rebounding deficit .
Earlier in the day , Anthony snapped back at George Karl , calling him a snake , for comments the Nuggets coach made about Melo 's 'lack of defensive focus . ' Getty Images ; N.Y .
Earlier in the day , Anthony snapped back at George Karl , calling him a snake , for comments the Nuggets coach made about Melo 's 'lack of defensive focus . ' Getty Images ; N.Y .
Earlier in the day , Anthony snapped back at George Karl , calling him a snake , for comments the Nuggets coach made about Melo 's "lack of defensive focus . "
" That 's him , " Anthony said of Karl , a recent cancer patient .
" I do n't like to make any excuses , this was a game , regardless of how long we 've been together , that we should have got , " said Anthony , who had a gauze wrap on his elbow .
Anthony , who had 16 points in the first quarter , was quiet in the fourth before driving the lane , hitting a runner and picking up a foul with 25.8 seconds left .
Anthony , though , missed his free throw and then picked up his sixth personal trying to wrestle the ball away from Sessions .
Anthony , though , missed his free throw and then picked up his sixth personal trying to wrestle the ball away from Sessions .
Anthony then spent the final seconds on the bench as Sessions made five free throws in the last 24 seconds to ice it for Cleveland .
Anthony said it "flared up and had a little swelling " but that he expects to play in Sunday 's game at Miami .
Williams and Anthony did n't have much in common before this week .
Anthony is locked into the Knicks through 2014 as the co-face of the franchise .
And even when Anthony was ready to take center stage , the Nets simply would not allow the moment to pass without taking another shot .
