The Press Trust of India news agency says the Libyan government has given clearance for the Boeing 747 and Airbus 330 to operate from the Tripoli airport over the next 10 days . "
RAS AJDIR - ONE Egyptian said he was forced to kneel in front of members of the Libyan army who carried out a mock execution .
" Abstract" ,"RAS AJDIR - ONE Egyptian said he was forced to kneel in front of members of the Libyan army who carried out a mock execution .
Shalgham , the Libyan ambassador to the U.N. , said he initially " could not imagine " Gadhafi 's troops were firing on the protesters .
The Press Trust of India news agency says the Libyan government has given clearance for the Boeing 747 and Airbus 330 to operate from the Tripoli airport over the next 10 days .
One Egyptian said he was forced to kneel in front of members of the Libyan army who carried out a mock execution .
United States should lead NATO in immediately declaring a no-fly zone for Gadhafi 's military aircraft and announcing that Libyan airspace is being monitored for violations .
Libyan employees were remaining at the embassy , said Under Secretary ofState for Management Patrick Kennedy .
Libyan employees were remaining at the embassy , said Under Secretary ofState for Management Patrick Kennedy .
But she praised the Libyan forces who were charged with providing security for the embassy .
Libyan dictator Colonel Muammar Gaddafi will likely fight to the death in order to keep control of his capital Tripoli , according to soldiers and revolutionary activists alike .
Stocks slipped as Libyan leader Muammar Qaddafi tried to tighten his grip on Tripoli , sending crude oil to its biggest weekly gain in two years on concern the turmoil that has cut Libya’s output may spread to other parts of the Middle East .
Kennedy said all American official employees were withdrawn from the embassy Friday , and only Libyan employees are &quot ;still on the payroll ' and still working there .
Steps were also taken to ensure that top Gadhafi officials do n't steal Libyan financial assets in what may be their final days in power .
As U.S. citizens continued to flee the spreading unrest , clashes between Libyan security forces and protesters were reported in Tripoli , which has been a Gadhafi stronghold .
Yields on the benchmark securities fell for a third week , the longest stretch since October , as Libyan leader Muammar Qaddafi rallied supporters in the capital , Tripoli , yesterday as opposition forces consolidated control in the eastern part of the North African country .
