As Wael Ghonim said in his television interview , the protests were not just about making feelings heard ; the protests were about reshaping the country young Egyptians love .
Then again , Wael Ghonim took a seemingly small step to create a condition for change and look what he helped bring about .
Shortly after Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak stepped down from power on Friday , activist Wael Ghonim spoke with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer and credited Facebook with the ...
Shortly after Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak stepped down from power on Friday , activist Wael Ghonim spoke with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer and credited Facebook with the ...
Egyptian activist Wael Ghonim , who became one of the chief faces of the Egyptian revolution after he was released from a 12-day-long detention , praised CNN...
Google executive Wael Ghonim , who emerged as a leading voice in Egypt 's uprising , was barred from the stage in Tahrir Square on Friday by security guards , an AFP photograph&shy ;er said .
Egyptian Google executive , Wael Ghonim organized a Facebook page , which later became a hub for the revolution .
Google executive Wael Ghonim became an unlikely hero of the uprising in Egypt , which led to Mubarak 's deposition .
The faces of activists like Google 's Wael Ghonim have humanized the crises for audiences that might not otherwise have formed that kind of emotional connection .
Wael Ghonim was posting under a pseudonym the entire time and was very successful at helping to organize and take down the Mubarak regime through Facebook , " he told CNET.
The closest thing that Libya has to Egypt 's Facebook revolutionary hero Wael Ghonim is Fathi Tourgud , a prominent lawyer and activist who does n't use Facebook or Twitter and who sometimes can barely use his phone because the government 's repression has been so extreme .
Sunday , prominent activist Wael Ghonim posted on a Facebook page he manages notes from a meeting between members of the military council and youth representatives , which he described as encouraging .
Wael Ghonim , one of the heroes of the Egyptian uprising , said it best , " If you want to liberate a society , just give them the internet . "
Nothing stopped the momentum leading up to the first protest on January 25 after Wael Ghonim , the 30-year-old Google executive , showed the horribly mangled corpse of Khaled Said , a victim of police brutality , on the Facebook page he had created , &#8220;We Are All Khaled Said . &#8221 ; From Facebook to YouTube to visceral emotions , the message traveled everywhere .
Wael Ghonim is a Google ad executive who played a major role in planning the revolution through social networking .
