Ms. Wathen , along with 16 other American tourists who arrived on Jan . 26 and left on Feb , 13 , decided to continue their trip through Egypt despite the unrest .
Ms. Wathen , along with 16 other American tourists who arrived on Jan . 26 and left on Feb , 13 , decided to continue their trip through Egypt despite the unrest .
And the American colonial revolution bears little resemblance to those others , which were each within an existing country .
I mean , Facebook and Twitter , even the internet , are American inventions , and we are proud that these American inventions are helping to connect people up around democracy and human rights and freedom and an agenda that will lead to a better life in Egypt .
His question is : Don&rsquo;t you think that the latest American veto was just a clear reminder that the United States loses any credibility as a fair and honest partner in the Middle East peace process ? Well , I hope not .
While American parents worry about their kids being on Facebook , Egyptian parents are naming their kids " Facebook " to commemorate the events surrounding the # Jan25 revolution .
He thinks he is funny , but it &#8217 ;s American humour and that ,to say the least ,is saying the least .
He thinks he is funny , but it ’s American humour and that ,to say the least ,is saying the least .
As neoliberal dogma disallows any legitimate role for government other than guarding the sanctity of free markets , recent American history has been marked by the steady privatization of services and resources formerly supplied or controlled by the government .
Military spending itself was also lucrative because it included both a state budget and contracts with American companies that provided hardware and technical expertise .
In this respect the Egyptian military-industrial complex was again stealing a page from the American playbook ; indeed , to the extent that the Egyptian military benefited from American foreign aid , Egypt was part of the American military-industrial complex , which is famous for its revolving-door system of recycling retired military men as lobbyists and employees of defense contractors .
No one will debate Beck on the merits of mob rule , surely , but this latest play on semantics &#8211 ; an attempt to turn &#8220;democracy&#8221 ; into a dirty word for the American people&#8211 ; is a tight-rope act only a master orator could complete successfully .
During the Egyptian crisis , even the reaction from today’s American political leaders was similar to the lack of forthrightness during the civil rights movement .
They are an American company that was developed to enable young people to communicat&shy ;e with one another and have never pretended to be otherwise .
Sheik Yusuf al-Qaradawi , an influential Sunni cleric who is banned from the United States and Britain for supporting violence against Israel and American forces in Iraq , delivered his first public sermon here in 50 years yesterday , emerging as a powerful voice in the struggle to shape what kind of Egyptian state emerges from the uprising that toppled Hosni Mubarak .
