With the recent overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak , Egypt and Israel are writing a new chapter in their long history .
The Bible alone contains more than 600 references to Egypt.With the recent overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak , Egypt and Israel are writing a new chapter in their long history .
" Whatever Israel is now asked to do for Egypt must have its counterpart in Egypt 's reciprocal duty to give Israel the plenitude of its rights ... Egypt and Israel are two people whose encounters in history have been rich and fruitful for mankind .
" Whatever Israel is now asked to do for Egypt must have its counterpart in Egypt 's reciprocal duty to give Israel the plenitude of its rights ... Egypt and Israel are two people whose encounters in history have been rich and fruitful for mankind .
Egypt and Israel are n't your typical neighbors with an occasional across-the-fence feud .
Egypt and Israel are n't your typical neighbors with an occasional across-the-fence feud .
JERUSALEM &mdash ; Israel issued an "urgent " warning Tuesday to its citizens to leave Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula immediately citing " concrete evidence of an expected terrorist attempt ...
Rosenberg : What Happens to Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty Now ? The new Egypt will not repudiate a peace treaty with Israel that has saved so many lives on both sides .
Egypt , Israel will be left with no friends in Mideast ...
With the recent overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak , Egypt and Israel are writing a new chapter in their long history .
Israel if wise will sit back , relax but watch with a close eye the events in Egypt .
Everything will probably not go as Israel might wish but now is not the time .
If Israel wants to maintain the peace and cooperatio&shy ;n with Egypt they 'll simply have to stand back and see how all this plays out .
By A. James Rudin Religion News Service Egypt and Israel are n't your typical neighbors with an occasional across-the-fence feud .
Poor old Israel will be surrounded by arch enemies .
