Named after Egypt 's 1919 liberation from the British , Tahrir Square is a top destination for many of the Western tourists who have begun trickling into Egypt in recent days .
" I think people will immediately feel the energy , " he said , noting that the streets are now cleaner than they have been in recent memory , and that Tahrir Square has become a "living exhibit -- a sort of Speaker 's Corner " in Egypt that they plan to promote .
Named after Egypt&rsquo ;s 1919 liberation from the British , Tahrir Square is a top destination for many of the Western tourists who have begun trickling into Egypt in recent days .
Some combinations of the military , a U.N. mission and the occupiers of Tahrir Square could provide the necessary legitimacy ; the military would &quot ;mind the store&quot ; during such a process .
The fact that somebody in Tahrir Square sends out a message by Twitter means that everybody in the world who wishes to can access that .
'Protesters In Egypt Say Military Using Force ' , ' * Protesters say military fires shots into air * Thousands in Tahrir Square had called for new cabinet * Egyptian investigators detain former information minister - Egyptian soldiers fired in the air and used batons in the early hours of Saturday to disperse activists demanding the cabinet appointed by Hosni Mubarak be purged by the country \\\ 's new military leaders , protesters said .
'Protesters In Egypt Say Military Using Force ' , ' * Protesters say military fires shots into air * Thousands in Tahrir Square had called for new cabinet * Egyptian investigators detain former information minister - Egyptian soldiers fired in the air and used batons in the early hours of Saturday to disperse activists demanding the cabinet appointed by Hosni Mubarak be purged by the country \\\ 's new military leaders , protesters said .
As sporadic demonstrations continued in Cairo , including several in solidarity with revolutionary movements in Libya and elsewhere in the region , a coalition of youth groups called online for a large return rally on Tuesday in Tahrir Square , the center of the revolution , and said they hoped a million people would attend .
Dr. Ahmed Fadaam said his normally short walk to the city 's Tahrir Square took two hours instead because of a curfew on automobiles and even bicycles laid down by Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki ahead of the planned protest .
The months and years ahead will determine whether the fervor and community of Tahrir Square can translate into a new notion of citizenship ... deliver a better life in an Arab world that is becoming ever younger .
From the first day , Tahrir Square represented a model of people seizing the initiative from a hapless government , be it cleaning the streets or running their own security .
But the twitterers in Tahrir Square pick up echoes from the distant past , and my heart goes out to them .
He spoke of Tahrir Square as the square of martyrs , slammed the regime of the former president , and praised Muslims and Copts for the unity they had maintained in revolt , making note of how Copts had shielded Muslims during Friday prayers in the second week of the uprising , when thugs and violence had gripped the city .
Sheik Qaradawi , a popular television cleric whose program reaches an audience of tens of millions worldwide , addressed a rapt audience of more than a million Egyptians gathered in Tahrir Square to celebrate the uprising and honor those who died .
