York Times Travel Show Begins ; Egypt is present ">I&#039;m really not a fan of expos .
With visitors a mainstay of the country 's economy -- before the revolution 11 percent of the work force and 6 percent of the country 's gross national product had been directly linked to tourism -- Egypt is eager to get tourists back .
As Rick Zeolla , the general manager of the Cairo Marriott , where Christiane Amanpour and many other journalists stayed , put it : " Right now Egypt is like having a fast pass at Disney .
Amr Badr , managing director of Abercrombie &amp; Kent in Egypt and the Middle East , believes now is a unique time to visit Egypt and see history in the making .
Though Egypt never suffered from a tourism boycott like South Africa under apartheid , there is a belief that politically and historically minded tourists will be the first to visit the "new Egypt , " as everyone here is now referring to the country .
Instead , Egypt imbibed enough globalization to enrich an elite , though not enough to become broadly prosperous .
Despite its position astride trade routes in Africa , Europe , and the Middle East , Egypt has n't secured a role in global supply chains .
Egypt , with a similar population , is handicapped by numerous taxes , uncertain contract enforcement , and insufficient skilled labor .
Between 1990 and 2009 , Egypt 's per capita exports of goods and services rose at an average annual rate of less than 5 percent&mdash ;about half the rate of India and one-third of China , says the IMF.
Egypt , which has endured unemployment above 8 percent for years , must create 9.4 million jobs by 2020 to absorb the jobless as well as new entrants into the workforce .
Egypt 's martial law administration says it will embrace change .
With visitors a mainstay of the country &rsquo ;s economy &mdash ; before the revolution 11 percent of the work force and 6 percent of the country &rsquo ;s gross national product had been directly linked to tourism &mdash ; Egypt is eager to get tourists back .
If the Muslim Brotherhood can’t participate in a democracy under these terms , Egypt may face a dark and twisting road ahead .
Now , IsramWorld books tours for about 2,200 customers to Egypt per year.Tourism in Egypt has been estimated to account for between 5 percent and 10 percent of the country 's gross domestic product , or as much as $ 11 billion annually .
Egypt was the state that represented the Arabs in the international arena .
Even the economically mighty Saudi Arabia , considered by the west to be the religious and historical centre of gravity of the region , never succeeded in forming a core or Arab culture .This is why , even though Tunisians have inspired the near miraculous events of the past few weeks in Libya , Bahrain and elsewhere , it is really Egypt that has inspired the Arab psyche .
Egypt 's economy is a huge challenge for its future leadership .
The Islamation of Egypt has been going on for a while since the Secular Arab National movement lost its way .
So you could say this might be a provocative move at a time when Egypt is moving into a period of uncertainty .
Egypt 's protest organisers expect a big turnout on Friday in Cairo to demand the removal of a new cabinet in which the key portfolios of defence , justice , interior and foreign affairs were appointed by Mr Mubarak who was ousted nearly two weeks ago .
With the recent overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak , Egypt and Israel are writing a new chapter in their long history .
The Bible alone contains more than 600 references to Egypt.With the recent overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak , Egypt and Israel are writing a new chapter in their long history .
" Whatever Israel is now asked to do for Egypt must have its counterpart in Egypt 's reciprocal duty to give Israel the plenitude of its rights ... Egypt and Israel are two people whose encounters in history have been rich and fruitful for mankind .
" Whatever Israel is now asked to do for Egypt must have its counterpart in Egypt 's reciprocal duty to give Israel the plenitude of its rights ... Egypt and Israel are two people whose encounters in history have been rich and fruitful for mankind .
Egypt and Israel are n't your typical neighbors with an occasional across-the-fence feud .
Egypt and Israel are n't your typical neighbors with an occasional across-the-fence feud .
JERUSALEM &mdash ; Israeli officials said Monday that they have agreed to let Egypt move several hundred troops into the Sinai peninsula for the first time ...
SHARM EL-SHEIKH , Egypt &mdash ; After three years of cooperating in the Israeli blockade of Gaza , Egypt said Monday that it will leave its border with ...
CAIRO &mdash ; Egypt is installing a series of metal sheets some 60 feet deep along its border with Gaza in an attempt to block tunnels ...
No revolution can make social , political and economic progress by becoming hostile to its neighbors , especially , in this case , Israel -- with whom Egypt has no quarrel .
Rosenberg : What Happens to Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty Now ? The new Egypt will not repudiate a peace treaty with Israel that has saved so many lives on both sides .
With the recent overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak , Egypt and Israel are writing a new chapter in their long history .
The revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt have prompted a wave of popular uprisings across the Middle East and North Africa , with Libya&#039;s Col Muammar Gaddafi fighting off the biggest challenge to his rule in over four decades .
Most of this drop took place over a two-day period and Egypt has experienced similar drops a handful of times in the past five years .
Egypt is home to a proud civilization , and perhaps this is a proud new beginning .
WASHINGTON - The pictures from Egypt must be unnerving for autocratic regimes throughout the Middle East , but they also represent huge problems for organizations such as al-Qaida , said Thomas Gouttierre , director of UNO 's Center for Afghanistan Studies .
Rustam ! ! UMNO regime is more likely the previous system in Egypt ! ! Talk through you mouth not Saiful 's mouth .
Hey , come to think of it , if Egypt is that bad , then why did your BN government send hundreds of our students over there ?
Hey , come to think of it , if Egypt is that bad , then why did your BN government send hundreds of our students over there ?
The following guest commentary about Egypt 's transition was written by Tarek Ragheb , an Egyptian-American , senior U.S. aerospace executive , former U.S. military officer and investor in Egypt .
Egypt , involuntarily , had wasted a very long time finding its place in the modern world , and democracy just announced "ready or not here I come ! " I am all for democratic change -- long for it -- and Egypt deserves it .
Egypt , involuntarily , had wasted a very long time finding its place in the modern world , and democracy just announced "ready or not here I come ! " I am all for democratic change -- long for it -- and Egypt deserves it .
CAIRO -- Egypt 's new military rulers assured the nation yesterday they would guard against what protesters have called a counterrevolution by associates of Hosni Mubarak , deposed nearly two weeks ago in an 18-day uprising .
Egypt 's protest organizers expect a big turnout today in Cairo to demand the removal of a new Cabinet in which the key posts of defense , justice , interior and foreign affairs were appointed by Mubarak .
Since then , Egypt 's Supreme Armed Forces Council has met several longstanding demands of the opposition , both suspending the constitution and dissolving parliament .
" All Egyptians have the right to speak their minds or offer suggestions for the betterment of Egypt , " said Hamdi .
In a recent phone interview with Women 's eNews , the Somalia-born Dutch politician and writer said the big questions now in Egypt are whether the military will allow a constitutional democracy to develop and whether the Brotherhood could take power .
An internally divisive issue for the group is female genital mutilation , known as FGM , which Egypt banned ineffectively in 1997 .
Egypt is planning a stimulus package after its economy was badly hurt by political turmoil , Finance Minister Samir Radwan said on Tuesday .
Egypt 's economy has been hurt by a collapse in tourism and foreign investment since protests erupted on Jan . 25 .
Egypt has said it would like European Union states to cancel its debts to them but has not made a formal request , the EU 's local delegation said , citing the Egyptian finance minister .
Uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia have sent shockwaves through the Middle East , threatening entrenched dynasties from Libya to Bahrain .
Egypt 's public prosecutor referred two former ministers and several prominent businessmen to a criminal court on Thursday , Feb.24 , on accusations of profiteering and squandering public funds , a court source said .
Egypt owes the EU member states about $ 9 billion , according to EU officials in Egypt .
The unrest in Egypt shattered earlier projections of the country 's economy growing by as much as 6 percent in fiscal year 2010-11 .
When Egypt 's army asserted itself during the country 's recent unrest , a main goal was to protect historical sites .
Now , Egypt 's eccentric Minister of Antiquities is trying to get them back .
Many in Egypt see him as a symbol of Mubarak 's 30-year autocratic reign .
Egypt is in the middle of a hot region .
Political protests caught on by Egypt have also moved N.C .
Anti-Mubarak Egyptians profess their freedom three decades after Mubarak took office , with Egypt is on its way to democracy .
Egypt forecast 16 million tourists for 2011 before the uprising , which began on Jan 25 .
Egypt received 14.5 million tourists in 2010 , making tourism the second largest revenue source , after expatriate remittances , according to government figures .
Watchdog groups allege that under Mubarak , top officials and tycoons were given preferential treatment in land contracts , allowed to buy state industries at a fraction of their value during Egypt 's privatization process launched in the early 1990s , and got other perks that enabled them to increase their wealth exponentially .
Now Egypt is undergoing even more fundamental change , and the international consequences could well prove more far reaching .
Egypt 's static , oppressive regime did less damage to the political and social infrastructure than Saddam Hussein 's savage and manic domination did to Iraq 's .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei 's welcome of events in Egypt was followed by a swift announcement that nothing like it will be tolerated in Tehran .
But the Egyptian people were , and that is as it should be because it is the future of Egypt that should be led by the Egyptian people themselves .
So we hope that as Egypt looks at its own future that it takes advantage of all of the people&rsquo ;s talents .
You were mentioning a few minutes ago the effort that made by the United States to advance the democracy in Egypt , which brings me to a question posted on Facebook by Abdul Aziz &ndash ; he&rsquo ;s a 17-year-old male from Cairo Egypt &ndash ; asks : &ldquo ;Were there any connections or meetings between the United States Administration and the youth of Egypt that called for the revolution supporting their effort before , during , or even after the revolution ? Well , as many people know , the United States supported civil society inside Egypt .
You were mentioning a few minutes ago the effort that made by the United States to advance the democracy in Egypt , which brings me to a question posted on Facebook by Abdul Aziz &ndash ; he&rsquo ;s a 17-year-old male from Cairo Egypt &ndash ; asks : &ldquo ;Were there any connections or meetings between the United States Administration and the youth of Egypt that called for the revolution supporting their effort before , during , or even after the revolution ? Well , as many people know , the United States supported civil society inside Egypt .
I have always believed that nonviolent protest , well-organized and disciplined as I saw in Egypt , will bring down dictators , will change laws , will change the future .
Some women in Egypt say they suffer catcalls , groping and other sexual harassment daily .
The military council running Egypt has promised to hold elections in six months .
Egypt 's public prosecutor referred two former ministers and several prominent businessmen to a criminal court on Thursday on accusations of squandering public funds .
CAIRO &mdash ; Egypt 's former Vice President Omar Suleiman was targeted in an assassination attempt during the recent democracy uprising when assailants firing from an ambulance ...
You have to wonder what the people in North Korea must be thinking if they saw what happened in Egypt and what 's happening in Libya .
The People of Egypt have probably only exchanged the devil they knew for the devil they do n't .
Will the US still be able to send prisoners to Egypt to be tortured , that 's a grave concern in Washington &shy ; .
Radwan said Egypt was at least hoping for forgiveness of the interest payments , if not its entire debt to Europe .
The call comes as Egypt is trying to mitigate the fallout from the 18 days of protests that led to Hosni Mubarak’s ouster .
But Egypt 's rage , which eventually toppled a regime , borrows from a phrase that dates to the Palestinian protests against British forces in the 1930s and 1940s . "
Egypt 's 'Day of Rage ' has a familiar ring in Chicago .
More importantly , the grim stability of the type displayed by former President Hosni Mubarak 's Egypt is oftentimes insufficient for genuine financial development .
Ahmed Sakr Ashour , professor of business administration at Alexandria University , says Egypt 's corruption watchdog agencies were rendered toothless by legislation that made them accountable to the president .
"Ezz ran the biggest steel company in Egypt and was widely perceived as corrupt , " says Alia El-Mahdi , dean of the Faculty of Political Science and Economics at Cairo University .
CAIRO - Libyan guards have withdrawn from their side of the border with Egypt after anti-government protests , Egypt 's army said on its Facebook page on Monday , adding it had set up two field hospitals on the frontier .
Tunisia and Egypt are the latest countries to do just that , the people winning their freedom and fanning a contagion effect across the Middle East and North Africa .
That is the work that , 25 years later , desperately needs to be done in the Philippines -- and the lesson Egypt should take to heart .
Egypt 's top prosecutor meanwhile has begun seeking help in freezing Mubarak 's assets abroad .
Mubarak party in tatters as Egypt prepares for new elections&bodytext=Hosni Mubarak 's fall from power has precipitated large scale changes in Egypt 's political landscape .
Mubarak party in tatters as Egypt prepares for new elections %22 By Compiled by Ian Saleh&notes=Hosni Mubarak 's fall from power has precipitated large scale changes in Egypt 's political landscape .
Mubarak party in tatters as Egypt prepares for new elections \' ) + \'&story_quote= \'+encodeURIComponent( \'Hosni Mubarak&rsquo ;s fall from power has precipitated large scale changes in Egypt&rsquo ;s political landscape .
The border crossing was opened for the first time in a month after Egypt closed it on January 30 due to the unrest that led to the ousting of former President Hosni Mubarak .
Feb. 21 2011 11:48 AM ET&# 151 ; Egypt 's top prosecutor requested Monday the freezing of the foreign assets of ousted president Hosni Mubarak and his family , state TV announced .
Egypt has so far asked for asset freezes of one top businessman and former ruling party official , as well as four former cabinet ministers and detained them pending investigations .
Watchdog groups allege that under Mubarak , top officials and tycoons were given preferential treatment in land contracts , allowed to buy state industries at a fraction of their value during Egypt 's privatization process launched in the early 1990s , and got other perks that enabled them to increase their wealth exponentially .
Egypt did not so much shrink its public sector , as neoliberal doctrine would have it , as it reallocated public resources for the benefit of a small and already affluent elite .
I&#8217 ;ve had friends from Egypt confirm this was definitely a factor .
And the rich got richer : Egypt is lauded as a poster child for neoliberal reform .
It was either Egypt or Greece that were the first civilization in human history to have discovered that the earth is un-flat , and quite possibly roundish .
I would be interested in knowing exactly what model you commenters are recommending that Egypt should follow to get to the first world ?
But what happened in Egypt was government cronyism turned into plain theft .
Egypt owes the EU member states about $ 9 billion , according to EU officials in Egypt .
The unrest in Egypt shattered earlier projections of the country 's economy growing by as much as 6 per cent in fiscal year 2010-2011 .
Egypt closed the Rafah frontier crossing on Jan . 30 following unrest that led to the ousting of President Hosni Mubarak .
On Friday , Egypt opened the border only to allow stranded Palestinians back into the blockaded coastal enclave .
They were keeping up pressure on Egypt 's military rulers to carry out reforms and call for the dismissal of holdovers from the regime of ousted President Hosni Mubarak .
Watchdog groups allege that under Mubarak , top officials and tycoons were given preferential treatment in land contracts , allowed to buy state industries at a fraction of their value during Egypt 's privatization process launched in the early 1990s , and got other perks that enabled them to increase their wealth exponentially .
Egypt 's attorney general has ordered the country 's foreign ministry negotiate with foreign powers on freezing the international assets of former president Hosny Mubarak and his family , state media reported Monday .
In recent weeks , Egypt has frozen the assets of ex-ministers and NDP leaders , some of whom have been imprisoned on corruption charges .
Egypt owes the EU member states about $ 9 billion , according to EU officials in Egypt .
The unrest in Egypt shattered earlier projections of the country 's economy growing by as much as 6 per cent in fiscal year 2010-2011 .
Egypt would like European Union to cancel its debts to them but has not made a formal request , the EU 's local delegation said , as Egypt 's economy showed signs of recovery from weeks of political turmoil .
Egypt would like European Union to cancel its debts to them but has not made a formal request , the EU 's local delegation said , as Egypt 's economy showed signs of recovery from weeks of political turmoil .
Egypt had a deficit of 8.3 percent in 2009 - 2010 .
Egypt 's new military-led government had previously asked countries across the world to freeze assets of former ministers and their families .
The minister said Egypt asked Britain for either providing debt forgiveness from Europe or at least a forgiveness of the interest on the loans .
Egypt currently owes the EU a total of USD9 billion , he added .
Approval sought for 1:3 bonus issueLecico Egypt 's Board of Directors has approved the submission of the unaudited financial statements to the auditors for their review and issuance of the auditor 's report thereon .
But Egypt is likely to remain unstable until it becomes clear who will fill the political power vacuum left in the wake of President Hosni Mubarak&rsquo ;s ouster .
Egypt consumes most of the oil it produces .
Cairo - Egypt 's military rulers have sworn in a new Cabinet that replaces several ministers left over from ousted leader Hosni Mubarak 's regime .
" People in Egypt were in a panic , " Al-Saqaf says .
Does Egypt have a shot at lasting democracy , or is it fated to slide from one form of authoritarianism to another ?
In our global survey of the power of national legislatures , Egypt ranks 132nd out of 158 countries .
Will Egypt 's Next Revolution Be Economic ?
Egypt is never a faraway place .
Egypt 's military rulers have sworn in a new cabinet that includes 11 new ministers in a nod to the opposition movement that ousted Hosni Mubarak but that keeps three former members of the regime in key posts .
Business <meta name ="description " content =" Melrose 'unaffected ' by Egyptian protests - MELROSE Resources , the Edinburgh-based oil and gas explorer , yesterday said the recent civil unrest in Egypt had not had any impact on its operations in the country . "
Resources , the Edinburgh-based oil and gas explorer , yesterday said the recent civil unrest in Egypt had not had any impact on its operations in the country .
Both Tunisia and Egypt recently saw the dramatic ouster of their longtime autocratic rulers .
Though more than 50 years apart , Ghonim 's fight for liberation in Egypt was similar to King 's crusade for African-Americans during the 1956 bus boycotts , Patel said .
The largest organized opposition group in Egypt , the Muslim Brotherhood , played a mostly minor role .
Meanwhile , Egypt 's small secular parties also by and large played a small role in the leadership of the protests .
Egypt 's protests were coordinated on Facebook pages like that of internet activist Wael Ghonim .
Egypt 's protests were coordinated on Facebook pages like that of internet activist Wael Ghonim .
Egypt gave them that hope .
Google executive , Wael Ghonim , became an unlikely hero of the uprising in Egypt which led to Mubarak 's deposition .
" See , well , what senior managers of Google have been doing in Egypt , what kind of manipulations of the energy of the people took place there . "
Google executive , Wael Ghonim , became an unlikely hero of the uprising in Egypt which led to Mubarak 's deposition .
Google executive , Wael Ghonim , became an unlikely hero of the uprising in Egypt which led to Mubarak 's deposition .
Google executive Wael Ghonim became an unlikely hero of the uprising in Egypt , which led to Mubarak 's deposition .
It marked the second time in three weeks that Egypt 's banks have reopened after a state-ordered closure , highlighting the uncertainty that prevails in the country more than a week after mass demonstrations toppled longtime President Hosni Mubarak .
Egypt 's internet was thousands of prefixes .
The closest thing that Libya has to Egypt 's Facebook revolutionary hero Wael Ghonim is Fathi Tourgud , a prominent lawyer and activist who does n't use Facebook or Twitter and who sometimes can barely use his phone because the government 's repression has been so extreme .
The generals who now rule Egypt are obviously happy to let the politicians take the heat .
Mubarak&rsquo ;s Egypt , in a nutshell , was a quintessential neoliberal state .
First , Mubarak&rsquo ;s Egypt was considered to be at the forefront of instituting neoliberal policies in the Middle East .
The gist of Mitchell&rsquo ;s portrait of Egyptian neoliberalism was that while Egypt was lauded by institutions such as the International Monetary Fund as a beacon of free-market success , the standard tools for measuring economies gave a grossly inadequate picture of the Egyptian economy .
Egypt did not so much shrink its public sector , as neoliberal doctrine would have it , as it reallocated public resources for the benefit of a small and already affluent elite .
In this respect the Egyptian military-industrial complex was again stealing a page from the American playbook ; indeed , to the extent that the Egyptian military benefited from American foreign aid , Egypt was part of the American military-industrial complex , which is famous for its revolving-door system of recycling retired military men as lobbyists and employees of defense contractors .
If the figure turns out to be $ 50 billion or $ 500 billion , it will not matter , if Egypt remains a neoliberal state dedicated to free-market fundamentalism for the poor , while creating new privatised assets that can be recycled to political insiders for the rich .
Mubarak&rsquo ;s Egypt degraded schools and hospitals , and guaranteed grossly inadequate wages , particularly in the ever-expanding private sector .
Mubarak&rsquo ;s Egypt degraded schools and hospitals , and guaranteed grossly inadequate wages , particularly in the ever-expanding private sector .
Egypt and Tunisia are the first nations to carry out successful revolutions against neoliberal regimes .
El Baradei in Egypt has actively tried to push the spotlight away from himself , and even Wael Ghonim , the Google executive who was detained for his Facebook rabble rousing , does not seem sufficient in stature to encapsulate the energy and passions of the movement .
The online organizers in Egypt are quick to spread credit .
As the developments in Egypt were covered each day , it was eerily similar to that of the civil rights movement .
One of the galvanizing forces in Egypt was 30-year-old Wael Ghonim , a Google marketing executive .
The people in Egypt were just as brave and fearless as the people in Selma , Ala. , and Little Rock , Ark .
Egypt embarked on its new path - one of great hope but also deep uncertainty - the impact of its historic revolt and an earlier uprising in Tunisia was evident in a region where democratic reform has made few inroads .
It said it will represent Egypt in all internal and external affairs and proclaimed the right to set temporary laws .
Hossam Bahgat , director of the non-governmental Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights , said the steps were positive but warned that Egypt was on uncharted legal ground .
Construction sector losses for the same period are estimated at about $ 130 million .The losses , which continue , have dampened forecasts for Egypt 's economic growth .EFG-Hermes said it projects the country 's economy will contract 2.5 percent in calendar year 2011 , while Beltone Financial , another Cairo-based investment bank , has revised its forecast for fiscal year 2010-2011 down to 3.5 percent .
Or should Egypt teach us to abandon those models altogether and to consider a kind of upheaval undreamt of in our old varieties of political science ? From the perspective of the 1970s , France produced the mother of all revolutions in the 1780s ; and we saw proto-typical phases in the French experience : the collapse of the old order , a period of constitutional reconstruction , counter-revolution , radicalization , terror , reaction , and a military dictatorship .
Google executive , Wael Ghonim , became an unlikely hero of the uprising in Egypt which led to Mubarak 's deposition .
Banks across Egypt threw open their doors Sunday , returning to business after an almost weeklong closure mandated by the central bank because of strikes and labour protests that have hampered efforts to reboot the nation 's economy .
It marked the second time in three weeks that Egypt 's banks have reopened after a state-ordered closure , highlighting the uncertainty that prevails in the country more than a week after mass demonstrations toppled long-time President Hosni Mubarak .
For a long time Egypt has been a stable strongman state , and has been governed for 30 years by Hosni Mubarak , a U.S. ally in the region .
For a long time Egypt has been a stable strongman state , and has been governed for 30 years by Hosni Mubarak , a U.S. ally in the region .
The images and stories from Egypt keep me on the edge of my chair .
He spent most of his career outside of Egypt but gave the protesters experience and intellectual legitimacy .
If Egypt is to move beyond its past , it must have some civilian control over its military .
People in Egypt have been living under Mubarak�s rule for 30 years , longer than many of the protesters have been alive .
They are trying to keep up pressure on Egypt 's military rulers to carry out reforms and call for the dismissal of holdovers from the regime of ousted President Hosni Mubarak .
Is it possible , therefore , that democracy in Egypt might mean the Muslim Brotherhood ?
The presence of Cohen in Egypt poses a question : Might he represent some new alliance between Silicon Valley and U.S. government interests ?
Egypt , on the other hand , has 80 million people and a history that goes back 6,000 years .
Lately , a lot of Western media commentary has focused on the fashionable question of whether Egypt was a digital uprising , as if apportioning the proper people-to-tech ratio for credit is an urgent priority .
The Muslim Brotherhood , according to the conventional wisdom on the left , is now a responsible Egyptian political organization that will compete in the first free elections Egypt has known since the late 1940s .
The Muslim Brotherhood , according to the conventional wisdom on the left , is now a responsible Egyptian political organization that will compete in the first free elections Egypt has known since the late 1940s .
More than half of Egypt 's 80 million people are younger than 25 .
