The Market Vectors Egypt Index ETF , an exchange-traded fund , has risen 7 percent since Jan . 27 , when the Egyptian exchange was shut down as protests intensified .
Tsakanikas said his Homeric Tours company has been booking Egyptian tours for 25 years and sends about 2,500 visitors there annually .Gelber said his company , IsramWorld , has been doing business in Egypt since " the moment " the country signed a peace treaty with Israel in 1979 .
Or , as Egyptologist Wassim al-Sissy recently put it , the revolution 'erased the Egyptian character , which had been known for its tolerance , love , freedom , and so on .
Dilettantes who often lump together political naivete think with hard realism may think that the top brass of the Egyptian army would somehow voluntarily surrender power to others It ai n't gonna happen , essentially when the ikhwan are itching to put Egypt under their authoritarian rule .
And as Egyptian leaders and citizens grapple with their nation &#x92 ;s future , expansion of religious liberty and the new role of religion in Egyptian government and public life will be among the first major considerations .
The Brotherhood was founded by Hasan al Banna in 1928 , when Egyptian politics and economy was still dominated by Britain , despite nominal independence in 1922 .
They have vowed to continue demonstrations until the Egyptian army agrees to the reforms .
Cairo 's Egyptian museum was one of them .
Back at the museum , some Egyptian archeologists have found work as guides to the few tourists who have returned .
Hundreds of Egyptian tourist guides rallied in the Pyramids of Giza area calling for the &ldquo ;return of tourists&rdquo ; and for measures to make tourists feel safe again .
The U.S. relationship with the Egyptian military could lend both a supporting and restraining hand .
So the Egyptian polity has more to work with than the Iraqis , who took seven years to get to a fractious but legitimate government .
The close relations that the United States enjoys with the Egyptian military make us a player , along with the annual $ 1.3 billion of support that funds military training and Egyptian purchase of U.S. military equipment .
But those less senior , who now or soon will lead the Egyptian military , were trained in the United States .
The attitude of the U.S. during the Egyptian revolution was to support the Egyptian regime first .
But the Egyptian people were , and that is as it should be because it is the future of Egypt that should be led by the Egyptian people themselves .
It was every Egyptian who is a human being created by God , our Creator , who was there saying I deserve respect , my dignity deserves to be given what my government has denied me &ndash ; the right to be a full human being .
Well , I hope they were watching on television as Egyptian young people proved them wrong on both of those points .
And all of the sudden , people are saying , boy , I can connect with that young man or that young women ; I&rsquo ;m reading from a tweet in Tahrir Square ; I&rsquo ;m looking at a Facebook page from a young Egyptian university graduate who is saying he wants a good job because he&rsquo ;s worked hard all of his life and he wants to get ahead in his country .
'Protesters In Egypt Say Military Using Force ' , ' * Protesters say military fires shots into air * Thousands in Tahrir Square had called for new cabinet * Egyptian investigators detain former information minister - Egyptian soldiers fired in the air and used batons in the early hours of Saturday to disperse activists demanding the cabinet appointed by Hosni Mubarak be purged by the country \\\ 's new military leaders , protesters said .
'Protesters In Egypt Say Military Using Force ' , ' * Protesters say military fires shots into air * Thousands in Tahrir Square had called for new cabinet * Egyptian investigators detain former information minister - Egyptian soldiers fired in the air and used batons in the early hours of Saturday to disperse activists demanding the cabinet appointed by Hosni Mubarak be purged by the country \\\ 's new military leaders , protesters said .
'Protesters In Egypt Say Military Using Force ' , ' * Protesters say military fires shots into air * Thousands in Tahrir Square had called for new cabinet * Egyptian investigators detain former information minister - Egyptian soldiers fired in the air and used batons in the early hours of Saturday to disperse activists demanding the cabinet appointed by Hosni Mubarak be purged by the country \\\ 's new military leaders , protesters said .
'Protesters In Egypt Say Military Using Force ' , ' * Protesters say military fires shots into air * Thousands in Tahrir Square had called for new cabinet * Egyptian investigators detain former information minister - Egyptian soldiers fired in the air and used batons in the early hours of Saturday to disperse activists demanding the cabinet appointed by Hosni Mubarak be purged by the country \\\ 's new military leaders , protesters said .
Egyptian demonstrators turn out in Cairo 's Tahrir Square on Feb. 4 to demand President Hosni Mubarak 's ouster .
Egyptian online democracy activists called for a demonstration that they dubbed &ldquo;Tuesday of Challenge&rdquo ; to demand the removal of the interim government , saying it contained too many old faces .
Meanwhile , Egyptian authorities have frozen the assets of dozens of other businessmen , former ministers and NDP officials suspected of corruption , and issued travel bans to prevent them from leaving the country .
In fact , Egyptian dairy producers found their milk production increased when they added U.S. DDGS to their rations .
Now the seismic force of the Egyptian revolution has shaken them out of years of somnolence .
The fact that the caretaker Egyptian government had not requested the move prompted opposition members to express fears that it was shielding Mr. Mubarak , a former Air Force chief , and his relatives .
Egyptian state media Sunday had quoted Mubarak 's legal representative as saying the former president had submitted to authorities a declaration that he had no assets abroad .
The author admits any Egyptian implementation of neo-liberal doctrines is significantly deficient ; so why is he so convinced that Egypt&#8217 ;s situation is a direct result of them ?
Egyptian workers were interviewed on MSNBC discussing a some sort of machinery factory , sold off to foreign investors , where they worked for months without getting paid .
Millions of Egyptian demonstrators have recently held a rally in the capital to demand the military to hand over power to a civilian government .
Last week , Egyptian authorities ordered the arrests of former Ministers of Interior Habib El-Adly , of Tourism Zuheir Garannah , and of Housing Ahmed El-Maghraby on corruption charges .
Egypt sexual harassment : Egyptian women face growing violence and sexual harassment - latimes.com . "
Egypt sexual harassment : Egyptian women face growing violence and sexual harassment - latimes.com . "
Egyptian anti-government bloggers work from Cairo 's Tahrir square .
One organizer of the Egyptian uprisings is now known to have been 30-year-old Google executive .
The fact that the caretaker Egyptian government had not requested the move prompted opposition members to express fears that it was shielding Mr. Mubarak , a former Air Force chief , and his relatives .
There is no doubt that the Egyptian protests could have occurred offline .
On the face of it , this seems like pretty solid evidence that the Egyptian revolution might not have happened without the Internet .
What the Egyptian example shows us is simply the power of the Internet to mobilise and to do so quickly .
A result of the protests in Cairo , Egyptian police patrolled the streets of Aswan , where Woodland Park’s Donna Clark was stranded during the uprising .
It’s interesting , because I want to learn the language and I want to speak Arabic , but a lot of my Egyptian friends will only speak in English .
When Ghonim , who was detained and held by Egyptian authorities for 12 days , was released during the protests in Egypt , he kissed the police officers .
'Egypt\ 's Youth in Revolt : For Love , Not Anger', 'It\\\ 's too easy to say that Egyptian youth took to the streets because they were angry .
It 's too easy to say that Egyptian youth took to the streets because they were angry .
By the time of the protests , Egyptian youth , both college-educated and not , were enduring these economic frustrations within a state that had lost political legitimacy .
On the eve of the protests , Egyptian youth faced a future of diminishing economic opportunity combined with political stagnation .
Clare Herceg , a former study-abroad student in Cairo , recalls the frustrations her Egyptian friends experienced from the "overall corruption of the government including its use of torture " to silence dissent .
It will take years , if not decades , for the Egyptian government to rebuild investor confidence and enact necessary educational reforms to make its workforce globally competitive .
And yet , for all these challenges , Egyptian youth have been far more successful than any observer could have imagined three weeks ago .
It 's too easy to say that Egyptian youth took to the streets because they were angry .
During the last three weeks , the media has discussed at great length the many indignities young Egyptians just ou... It 's too easy to say that Egyptian youth took to the streets because they were angry .
While American parents worry about their kids being on Facebook , Egyptian parents are naming their kids " Facebook " to commemorate the events surrounding the # Jan25 revolution .
According to Al-Ahram a twenty-something Egyptian man has named his first born daughter " Facebook " in tribute to the role the social media service played in organizing the protests in Tahrir Square and beyond .
Egyptian protesters attend Friday prayers in Tahrir Square , Cairo , Egypt , Friday , Feb. 25 , 2011 .
Egyptian activist Wael Ghonim , who became one of the chief faces of the Egyptian revolution after he was released from a 12-day-long detention , praised CNN...
Africa , Hosni Mubarak,Egypt,Tunisia , Facebook Inc . " /> <meta name ="description " content =" A proud Egyptian papa has named his first born daughter after the social media giant to honor the role it played in the country &# 39;s Jan . 25 revolution . "
The Middle East and North African head of marketing for Google , Wael Ghonim , was instrumental in the Egyptian revolt earlier this month , and was referred to by Newsweek as the “Facebook Freedom Fighter ” because of his employment of social networking for political purposes .
They may be too low , or maybe too high , and we may never know precisely because much of the money is outside of Egypt , and foreign governments will only investigate the financial dealings of Mubarak regime members if the Egyptian government makes a formal request for them to do so .
No representatives of the upper echelons of the Egyptian military appear on the various lists of old-regime allies who need to be called to account .
In this respect the Egyptian military-industrial complex was again stealing a page from the American playbook ; indeed , to the extent that the Egyptian military benefited from American foreign aid , Egypt was part of the American military-industrial complex , which is famous for its revolving-door system of recycling retired military men as lobbyists and employees of defense contractors .
Ghali is now accused of having appropriated LE 450 million for the use of Ahmad Ezz. I once sat next to Ghali at a dinner during one of his trips abroad , and had the opportunity to ask him when the Egyptian government would be ready to have free elections .
Knowing full well that they would not have the sympathy of the world if they chose to take up arms against their oppressors , the Egyptian protestors maintained their commitment to civil disobedience .
To listen to 30-year-old Google marketing executive Wael Ghonim - one of the heroes of the protest movement in Cairo 's Tahrir Square - the Egyptian revolution was born on Facebook .
After dedicating some time this week to asserting that Google 's involvement in the Egyptian revolts gives them a dangerous bias that seeps into the order of search results on their site , Beck took his campaign , as he always does , to an intrigued Bill O'Reilly last night . "
Beck explained that it was primarily the fact that two vice presidents of the company were involved in the Egyptian revolts that tipped him off , though later noted ties between Google and , among others , former Beck arch-nemesis .
The people have a high respect and trust for the Egyptian military , which did not attack protesters .
The while time , Egyptian president Mubarak vowed he would not leave his position until the September elections .
There is also no doubt , however , that another trigger was the threat of a citizen turning the tools of surveillance back on the state : The martyred Khaled Said had video of police corruption in June , when Egyptian police grabbed him from an Internet caf&eacute ; and beat him to death .
The Muslim Brotherhood , according to the conventional wisdom on the left , is now a responsible Egyptian political organization that will compete in the first free elections Egypt has known since the late 1940s .
The Muslim Brotherhood , according to the conventional wisdom on the left , is now a responsible Egyptian political organization that will compete in the first free elections Egypt has known since the late 1940s .
Egyptian officials reportedly said the ships did not contain weapons .
His son , Abdul-Rahman Yusuf al-Qaradawi , is an Egyptian poet who supported the revolution , and , though Sheik Qaradawi is considered a religious traditionalist , three of his daughters hold doctoral degrees , including one in nuclear physics .
But many , including Mr. Said , said they were prepared to return every Friday &#8220;if necessary &#8221 ; to ensure that the Egyptian military kept its commitment to hand over the government to a civilian democracy as quickly as possible .
