Trying to suppress it by force by propping up Mubarak was not the way to stop Islamisation .
Simon Cooper , CEO of Middle East operations at HSBC , says that there is a lot of waiting and watching going on , and , in a strange way , the unraveling of the Mubarak regime may hasten an end to the wait .
Mubarak 's exit has delivered a power vacuum , which has been partly filled by the armed forces , and by its promise to run elections in a few months .
The bottom line , Johanns said , is that Mubarak 's ouster does not automatically solve all problems .
" Mubarak 's removal cut the head off the corruption , but its body remains intact , " said Hamdi .
Mubarak handed power over to the high military council , despite millions-plus pro-democracy demonstrations .
Reports say tanks and soldiers have remained at intersections in Cairo since Mubarak was toppled in an 18-day uprising early this month .
He was the first deputy Mubarak ever appointed in nearly 30 years as president .
It was one of a series of rapid changes at the highest levels of government and promises of reform that Mubarak made during the 18-day uprising in a vain attempt to cling to power .
However , protests persisted and Mubarak was forced to hand over power to a ruling military council on Feb. 11 .
I also cried with happiness when I found out that Mubarak had finally stepped down after 18 days of protests , because I am so inspired by what I had seen and been a part of that I could not contain myself .
Anti-Mubarak Egyptians profess their freedom three decades after Mubarak took office , with Egypt is on its way to democracy .
The officers , now in their 70s , and Mubarak at 82 , were trained in the USSR.
They maintain that a small group of ruling party officials and business tycoons with close ties to Mubarak were given preferential treatment in land deals , allowed to buy state assets at a fraction of their value , and that they enriched themselves at the public 's expense .
Analysts say the trials of four senior Mubarak regime officials could serve as a barometer of the military-run government 's resolve to bring the old regime to justice .
Former interior minister Habib El-Adly - currently under separate investigation for his role in orchestrating the deadly use force on anti- Mubarak demonstrators - was indicted for money laundering and profiteering .
" The amount of corruption under the Mubarak regime was staggering , " says Ashour .
Security officials claim Mubarak 's domestic assets were frozen the minute he stepped down .
The Mubarak 's family 's wealth -- speculation has put it at anywhere from $ 1 billion to $ 70 billion -- has come under growing scrutiny since Mubarak 's Feb. 11 ouster opened the floodgates to three decades of pent-up anger at the regime .
Al-Oleimi , a lawyer , said among urgent demands that the young activists are pressing is to form a broad-based government with no Mubarak 's cronies in it , lift emergency rule , release political prisoners and abolishing laws on political parties and allow free and fair election .
If this were the case then the crimes of the Mubarak regime could be attributed simply to bad character : change the people and the problems go away .
Mubarak submitted a financial disclosure statement to judicial authorities , the state-run Middle East News Agency reported yesterday .
Mubarak stepped down Feb. 11 after 30 years as president following a popular revolt .
Mubarak submitted a financial disclosure statement to judicial authorities , the state-run Middle East News Agency reported yesterday .
Mubarak stepped down Feb. 11 after 30 years as president following a popular revolt .
Mubarak , who stepped down on February 11 after 18 days of nationwide protests , is believed to have gathered a fortune for himself and his family during his nearly 30 years in power .
Some reports indicate Mubarak 's wealth exceeds 40 billion dollars , and includes properties in London , New York and Los Angeles .
Some reports indicate Mubarak 's wealth exceeds 40 billion dollars , and includes properties in London , New York and Los Angeles .
The fortune of the Mubarak family is estimated at around $ 70 billion .
On Sunday , Mubarak submitted a routine statement detailing his assets to judicial authorities .
The assets freeze indicates that former leader Mubarak could be held to account by the military leadership that took control of the North African nation .
Mubarak , who led Egypt as president for three decades , left the country after weeks of anti-government protests by crowds calling for greater democracy and respect of human rights .
Tuesday 's move comes as the military leadership that took over from Mubarak works to assure the opposition movement that led mass protests it is committed to democratic reforms .
Mubarak was forced out of office after waves of unprecedented civil protest .
Mubarak , by contrast , defended the status quo with all the tools at his disposal -- most notoriously through a brutally effective internal security apparatus operating under an emergency law since Sadat 's assassination in 1981 .
The protesters channeled their frustrations into one central demand : Mubarak had to leave office immediately .
Mubarak tried that , and it quickly became apparent that he 'd also cut off the country 's lifeblood : commerce and tourism .
Whatever the true numbers , the corruption of the Mubarak regime is not in doubt .
If this were the case then the crimes of the Mubarak regime could be attributed simply to bad character : change the people and the problems go away .
Secondly , the reality of Egypt&rsquo ;s political economy during the Mubarak era was very different than the rhetoric , as was the case in every other neoliberal state from Chile to Indonesia .
Secondly , the reality of Egypt&rsquo ;s political economy during the Mubarak era was very different than the rhetoric , as was the case in every other neoliberal state from Chile to Indonesia .
The political economy of the Mubarak regime was shaped by many currents in Egypt&rsquo ;s own history , but its broad outlines were by no means unique .
Protesters want the army to dissolve the caretaker government headed by Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq , which was appointed by Mubarak in his final weeks and contains many of his stalwarts .
While Mubarak tried desperately to hold onto his powers , the millions of Egyptians , led by the nation’s disgruntled young , made it clear that waiting for him to not seek re-election in September was n’t enough ; they wanted him gone .
He also denied reports that Mubarak had fled to Germany or the United Arab Emirates , saying the former president remained in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh , where he went soon after stepping down .
An earlier attempt to open the banks and establish a semblance of normalcy during the height of the anti-government protests lasted only a week before the lenders were ordered shut.Reopening the banks is a critical step in returning to business as usual in a country where the sense of hope sparked by Mubarak 's ouster is tempered by the frustration that comes with crafting a new political framework while also trying to allow people to move on with their lives . But it is just as crucial for the economy , which already has been badly hit by the 18 days of unrest that ended with the military takeover on Feb. 11 .
Protesters want the army to dissolve the caretaker government headed by Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq , which was appointed by Mubarak in his final weeks and contains many of his stalwarts .
The ex-confident of late president Gamal Abdel-Nasser and by far the most famous Arab journalist of his generation , Heikal suggested that Mubarak leave Sharm El-Sheikh .
Reopening the banks is a critical step in returning to business as usual in a country where the sense of hope sparked by Mubarak 's ouster is tempered by the frustration that comes with crafting a new political framework while also trying to allow people to move on with their lives .
The while time , Egyptian president Mubarak vowed he would not leave his position until the September elections .
An announcement was scheduled for that day and , hoping against all odds , the people felt their Mubarak , who had left Cairo , was planning to resign .
While the country lives in horrible poverty , with the standard yearly wage there being between $ 450 and $ 620 , Mubarak lived in five palaces scattered across the Egyptian landscape .
Omar Suleiman , vice president until Mubarak 's resignation on 12 February , is not part of the current power structure .
A member of the liberal opposition Al-Ghad party , whose leader Ayman Nour spent four years in jail after running against Mubarak in the 2005 election , told me that the plan is to set up camp in Tahrir Thursday night , and then selectively to let the people into the square the following day .
Mubarak was forced out of office after waves of unprecedented civil protest .
Later , on Feb. 2 , Mubarak unleashed thugs , including state security officials in plainclothes , to attack the square with rocks , Molotov cocktails and guns .
