Wael Ghonim , the Google executive credited with creating the Facebook page that helped demonstrators organize their protests , .
I mean , Facebook and Twitter , even the internet , are American inventions , and we are proud that these American inventions are helping to connect people up around democracy and human rights and freedom and an agenda that will lead to a better life in Egypt .
Pages in Facebook billed Iraq 's Feb. 25 " Day of Rage " as a chance for citizens of all stripes to march down the streets to protest deplorable public services , rampant graft and joblessness .
Iranian activists then did not have a Facebook page , did not send out any Twitter message and did not have Google .
Can Facebook and Twitter or YouTube actually cause a revolution ?
I think it &# 39;s very obvious that Facebook is used by people , but he&# 39;s honoring the role Facebook played in the people being able to organize for the matter .
I think it &# 39;s very obvious that Facebook is used by people , but he&# 39;s honoring the role Facebook played in the people being able to organize for the matter .
But he is wrong to say that Twitter and Facebook constitute weak social ties .
Start a Facebook group for your passion project , and realize you were never alone in wanting to make your ideal real .
For example , the fastest-growing segment of Facebook users is women over 55 .
Helmed by now-famous Googler Wael Ghonim , the " We Are Khaled Said " Facebook page showed up within 5 days of Said 's death in June and served as a hub for dissidence against Egyptian police brutality as well as a way to disseminate logistical information about the escalating anti-government protests until Mubarak 's resignation .
Are Khaled Said &#8221 ; Facebook page showed up within 5 days of Said &#8217 ;s death in June and served as a hub for dissidence against Egyptian police brutality as well as a way to disseminate logistical information about the escalating anti-government protests until Mubarak&#8217 ;s resignation .
While the baby girl could just have easily been called &#8220;YouTube , &#8221 ; &#8220;Twitter&#8221 ; &#8220;Google&#8221 ; or even &#8220;Cellphone Camera , &#8221 ; it seems like Facebook has become the umbrella symbol for how social media can spread the message of freedom .
Sometimes it seems like Facebook and Twitter are nothing more than sites designed for updating exactly what you ate for lunch .
Egyptian Google executive , Wael Ghonim organized a Facebook page , which later became a hub for the revolution .
Similarly in Tunisia , Facebook and Twitter helped ensure the free flow of information during government crackdowns .
In general , that 's been considered a good thing ; but in the wake of widespread antigovernment protests across a number of Middle East and North African countries , the Facebook philosophy is facing a sharp challenge as critics suggest that a real-names-only policy could see pro-democracy activists targeted individually by autocratic governments .
An explanation on Access Now 's site reads : " Facebook should be congratulated and condemned in one go : They 've built a revolutionary platform that 's catalyzed the political change sweeping the Middle East and beyond , but Facebook has also become a treasure trove of information for dictators , allowing them to identify and track down those who oppose them . "
Perhaps Facebook could find ways to compromise in extraordinary circumstances , enabling masked accounts for people using Facebook to organize under repressive regimes .
" I think we have seen that it does n't really matter if Facebook does this or not .
Facebook was not immediately available for comment .
But its terms of service make its position clear : " Facebook users provide their real names and information , " the terms explain .
If Facebook does n't offer the anonymity the user needs then the user needs to find another social site .
Facebook offers a service .
Besides , Facebook is a social site .
There would a lot less users/accounts and thus Facebook would be worth a lot less on Wall Street .
She 's happily addicted to fun social-media tools from Twitter to Yelp to Facebook , sends an inordinate number of text messages , and has a tendency to waste time at the office reading restaurant blogs .
Ibrahim 's gesture is just the latest sign of goodwill Middle Easterners are showering on the social network .&nbsp;of claiming any credit--in reports from the region , it 's easy to spot something different : Facebook is emerging as a true player in the drama , with an outpouring of support and loyalty that goes beyond most corporations , certainly American ones operating in the Middle East .
We would post a video on Facebook that would be shared by 60,000 people on their walls within a few hours .
It 's yet another example of how Facebook has replaced Google in the popular mind .
Facebook is one of the largest websites in the world , with more than 500 million monthly users .
The closest thing that Libya has to Egypt 's Facebook revolutionary hero Wael Ghonim is Fathi Tourgud , a prominent lawyer and activist who does n't use Facebook or Twitter and who sometimes can barely use his phone because the government 's repression has been so extreme .
The closest thing that Libya has to Egypt 's Facebook revolutionary hero Wael Ghonim is Fathi Tourgud , a prominent lawyer and activist who does n't use Facebook or Twitter and who sometimes can barely use his phone because the government 's repression has been so extreme .
The cult of Facebook began roughly six years ago in the dorm room of a Harvard student in Cambridge , Mass. , and now it ’s an international phenomenon .
One of the many things Facebook offers is information about other people’s lives at a speed and depth rarely paralleled .
Choose your poison : sign-up for our Newsletter , join us on Facebook , or follow us on Twitter .
He was the previously anonymous authority behind the Facebook page that originally called for demonstrations on January 25 .
Choose your poison : sign-up for our Newsletter , join us on Facebook , or follow us on Twitter .
' Facebook ' received many gifts from the youth who were overjoyed by her arrival and the new name . "
No single person , group , Facebook page or political party planned this movement .
But , in the end , Facebook and YouTube are tools - and tools alone cannot bring about the changes the world has witnessed in recent weeks .
In Egypt , of course , organizers used the platform because Facebook was a popular way to demonstrate support for demonstrations – it has more users in Egypt than any other Middle Eastern country .
In Egypt , of course , organizers used the platform because Facebook was a popular way to demonstrate support for demonstrations &ndash ; it has more users in Egypt than any other Middle Eastern country .
Lost in much of this type of discussion is the fact that Facebook was never meant to be a tool for political organizers in a dictatorsh&shy ;ip . Lest we forget , the big reason why Facebook was considered preferable to MySpace was because too many anonymous predators were on MySpace .
Lost in much of this type of discussion is the fact that Facebook was never meant to be a tool for political organizers in a dictatorsh&shy ;ip . Lest we forget , the big reason why Facebook was considered preferable to MySpace was because too many anonymous predators were on MySpace .
In contrast to Google , Facebook has refused to sign the Global Network Initiative , a compact devoted to preventing web censorship by authoritarIf FB does n't adjust to reality it will disappear as so many others have .
Within five days of his killing , the Facebook page called We Are All Khaled Said was created anonymously .
