Egyptians must see the embracing of universal rights , including the right to a ballot , as their choice .
At right , tens of thousands of Egyptians celebrate the fall of the regime of former President Hosni Mubarak in Cairo` s Tahrir Square Feb. 18 , 2011 .
At right , tens of thousands of Egyptians celebrate the fall of the regime of former President Hosni Mubarak in Cairo 's Tahrir Square Feb. 18 , 2011 .
Lebanese pop and drama rules at the moment ; but i 'm sure Egyptians can regain the Arab cultural mantle .
I 've produced three pieces of evidence which demonstrate why Egyptians who value a secular pluralist culture ought to be organising to meet the MB thread .
I 've produced three pieces of evidence which demonstrate why Egyptians who value a secular pluralist culture ought to be organising to meet the MB thread .
From now on , Egyptians have priority .
Last Friday , millions of Egyptians returned to Tahrir Square to celebrate the victory of their revolution , which led to the resignation of Mr Mubarak on 11 February after 18 days of street protests .
Two million Egyptians depend on this sector to feed their families .
Perhaps , even , this is the very school of thought that preached repression , division and intolerance that the youth of Egypt have just thrown out ! I disagree with many Egyptians who fear the ascension of the Muslim Brotherhood .
And after you communicate with us to better understand what we are looking for , do you think that this interaction will help change the American policies toward Egypt? Well , first , let me thank her and the more than 6,500 other Egyptians who have sent questions , the vast majority of whom are young people using social media , as you just described .
The purpose of this is to communicate directly , to hear from thousands of Egyptians about what is on your minds , what you are hoping to have happen now that this incredibly inspiring extraordinary moment in history has occurred .
And in fact , I&rsquo ;ve heard from older Egyptians who were activists , who were opponents , who were human rights defenders in Egypt ; they didn&rsquo;t even know that it was happening until it was happening .
So it was n&rsquo;t only the United States , but many Egyptians themselves who were watching with great admiration as young people stood up for themselves .
We all live with stereotypes , and I admit and accept that many Americans have stereotypes of Egyptians or of Muslims , and I believe that many Egyptians and Muslims have stereotypes about the United States .
Now they are under investigation for corruption and graft - and many Egyptians expect to finally see justice ."It 's a beautiful time for all Egyptians , " says Sherif El-Sharkawy , a small business owner in Cairo .
Now they are under investigation for corruption and graft - and many Egyptians expect to finally see justice ."It 's a beautiful time for all Egyptians , " says Sherif El-Sharkawy , a small business owner in Cairo .
I hope free thinking Egyptians see these crooks for what they stand for , and go it alone .
This survey by Pew reveals an even split between Egyptians who value a prominent role for religion in government and those who consider religion to play a small role .
Deeply religious Egyptians , meanwhile , view it as too liberal .
UN High Commissioner for Refugees said many Tunisians and Egyptians were driving to the Libyan border to help those who have fled a crackdown on protests that has killed up to 2,000 people , according to a French estimate .
UN High Commissioner for Refugees said many Tunisians and Egyptians were driving to the Libyan border to help those who have fled a crackdown on protests that has killed up to 2,000 people , according to a French estimate .
Egyptians have learned from long , bitter experience that rule by a powerful executive , unchecked by a potent legislature , begets abuse of power and undermines any semblance of self-government .
If Egyptians are to have a chance at a democratic future , their new constitution must confer considerable authority on the People 's Assembly , including the right to remove the chief executive from office , question and investigate executive branch officials , oversee the armed forces and the police , and approve or reject Cabinet appointments .
Rights groups say thousands of Egyptians have been detained without charge under the country 's emergency laws and that many of them might be classified as political prisoners .
In terms of economic well-being , young Egyptians face a job market for which their university degrees often fail to prepare them .
Until the 1990s , many Egyptians went to college to train for government jobs that were guaranteed upon graduation--an incentive system put in place by the socialist President Gamal Abdel Nasser .
Only 5 % to 7 % of Egyptians are on Facebook .
" It was a sarcastic blog , " he says , because humor is an important way the Egyptians have learned to cope with the hardship in their lives .
The complete failure of neoliberalsm to deliver "human well-being " to a large majority of Egyptians was one of the prime causes of the revolution , at least in the sense of helping to prime millions of people who were not connected to social media to enter the streets on the side of the pro-democracy activists .
Egyptians became accustomed to scenes of police beating protesters in the early days of the uprising , but on Sunday it was the police who were demonstrating .
After the success of the Tunisian revolution , millions of Egyptians suddenly found new hope and poured into the streets to demand change .
After the success of the Tunisian revolution , millions of Egyptians suddenly found new hope and poured into the streets to demand change .
Egyptians would be wrong , warned Heikal , to think that the revolution ended after Mubarak stepped down .
The generals voiced alarm over recent events in Libya given that nearly 1.5 million Egyptians live in Egypt 's western neighbour .
Although the Brotherhood has a wide following , a majority of Egyptians are averse to the idea of an Islamist party gaining a position of power .
Egyptians streamed back into Tahrir Square , the epicenter of the revolution , for a rally that was part prayer service , part celebration and part political protest .
But for now , at least , Egyptians have lost their fear — the state 's primary weapon of repression .
