The crackdown of anti-government protests in Libya continued Sunday as , according to witnesses Libyan forces fired machine-guns at mourners marching in a funeral for anti-government protesters in the eastern city of Benghazi . "
The crackdown of anti-government protests in Libya continued Sunday as , according to witnesses Libyan forces fired machine-guns at mourners marching in a funeral for anti-government protesters in the eastern city of Benghazi . "
Libya or Colonel al-Gaddafi is one of the largest shareholders in Italian Unicredit bank and used to be shareholder of car-maker Fiat , he used to own Italian football club .
Libya , too , is a stellar ‘model’ of IMF development .
With the human ape in addition to counter violence such as that currently happening in Libya work-a-rounds have been traditionally used such as parliamentary democracy to achieve sanctioning .
Along the way are isolated low-slung block buildings , whipped by the sandy winds . In the small dusty town of Mussaad , Eid Al Mabadi reflected upon a week he thought he would never see : a week during which , according to the opposition , most of eastern Libya was &#8220;liberated&#8221 ; from the Gadafy regime .
In the grand scheme of things , Libya is a relatively small oil player .
If you look at a map , you&rsquo ;ve got Egypt , Tunisia , Libya ,&rdquo ; remarked James Hamilton , an economics professor at the University of California-San Diego .
Libya lacks the expertise to keep the oil flowing without them .
This is a critical problem for big Europe consumers , because Libya is a major supplier of the light , sweet crude that is used by European refineries for diesel fuel , which is already in short supply .
" Libya 's regime is on the verge of collapse .
Between 1980 and 1988 , Libya joined Syria in backing revolutionary Iran in its war with Iraq.In 1986 , Washington accused Gadafy of involvement in the bombing of a Berlin nightclub in which two US soldiers were killed and staged retaliatory air raids on Tripoli and Benghazi , killing 60 Libyans , including Gadafy &#8217 ;s adopted daughter .
Gadafy was implicated in the 1989 bombing of a French civilian airliner over Chad that killed 170.During the 1990s , Libya suffered economic sanctions and diplomatic ostracism because Gadafy refused to permit the extradition to the US of the two Libyans accused of planting the bomb on the airliner .
Libya 's military and security forces have used jets and helicopters to fight back , roiling world oil and stock markets with the prospect of disruptions in a major oil supplier .
The question now is will the number of civilian deaths in Libya exceed the 920 killings of civilians in Gaza by the IDF in 2008-9 and will the US take any direct action to stop the slaughter ?
Libya 's internet is about a dozen prefixes ,&quot ; he said .
Libya has 13 of these online zip codes out of the 400,000 internet prefixes that make up the entire internet , Cowie said .
And despite the sporadic bursts of gunfire &# 151 ; celebratory , many say &# 151 ; the emerging committees of revolutionaries in Libya 's second largest city say they are working hard to maintain calm as they wait for Muammar Gaddafi 's capital , Tripoli , to fall .
If Tripoli does n't fall on its own , many here in free eastern Libya say they may have to force it to .
But to regain normality , the people of free Libya have to get rid of Gaddafi .
The closest thing that Libya has to Egypt 's Facebook revolutionary hero Wael Ghonim is Fathi Tourgud , a prominent lawyer and activist who does n't use Facebook or Twitter and who sometimes can barely use his phone because the government 's repression has been so extreme .
" The best thing is that Libya is a blank page , " says the CEO , putting a positive spin on the situation .
Libya is ripe for either one . "
He spoke as the authorities in Libya , Bahrain and Yemen were waging violent crackdowns on uprisings inspired in part by the Egyptian revolution .
