Geoff Ogilvy of Australia looks at the line for his approach shot from the rough on the first fairway while playing Bubba Watson during a quarterfinal round of the Match Play Championship golf tournament Friday , Feb. 25 , 2011 , in Marana , Ariz .
Australia 's Karrie Webb also shot a 66 on and was two shots behind the leader .
Then Brad Haddin got into the act , smashing fours in the 3rd , 4th and 5th overs as Australia climbed to 34/0 .
The Kiwis bowlers were clearly toiling to get a breakthrough as Australia raced to 100/0 in just 14 overs .
However , at the end of the 19th over , Australia were 139/2 and still in a stong position .
But after a few quiet overs , Southee had Ponting stumped for 12 off 28 as Australia slipped to 167/3 in 26.4 overs .
Australia 's biggest concern may be the form of Ponting , who was stumped by Brendon McCullum off the bowling of Tim Southee for 12 off 28 balls .
Watson then dragged the same bowler onto his stumps just two balls later , but Australia had plenty of batting to come .
Australia have now beaten their trans-Tasman rivals 10 times in the last 14 completed one-day matches between the sides and maintain their hold on the Chappell-Hadlee trophy - which is usually contested in annual bilateral series but was on the line today because the teams do not meet again this year .
In reply , Australia raced to 125 for no loss in 16 overs as both Haddin and Watson punished wayward Kiwi bowlers by hitting a flurry of boundaries to bring up their half-centuries .
NAGPUR : Australia raced to a seven-wicket victory over New Zealand in an ICC World Cup 2011 Group &#8216;A ' league game here on Friday .
Wearing black armbands to express solidarity with its neighbour , Australia was at full blast on the field though and a collective Kiwi effort was not enough to stretch the champion .
Australia tightened the grip on the game in the bowling power play taken after 10 overs .
Watson dragged the same bowler onto his stumps just two balls later , but Australia had plenty of batting to come .
Even after impressive performances by India , Sri Lanka and South Africa , Australia looks to be the team to beat at the tournament .
" We wanted to strengthen our batting because we knew Australia would come at us with pace from a number of fronts , " Vettori said .
Watson dragged the same bowler onto his stumps just two balls later , but Australia had plenty of batting to come .Even after impressive performances by India , Sri Lanka and South Africa , Australia looks to be the team to beat at the tournament .
Watson dragged the same bowler onto his stumps just two balls later , but Australia had plenty of batting to come .Even after impressive performances by India , Sri Lanka and South Africa , Australia looks to be the team to beat at the tournament .
Ahmedabad , Feb 21 Shane Watson and Michael Clarke struck half centuries but holders Australia struggled for the most part against a spin-oriented Zimbabwe attack before finishing at 262 for six in their opening Group A World Cup match here today .
Clarke helped Australia take control of the proceedings by keeping the Zimbabwe spinners at bay and put together 63 off 73 balls with Cameron White .
Earlier , electing to bat , Australia recovered from a slow start .
