Boeing employees gathered Friday February 25 , 2011 to celebrate winning the $ 35 billion Air Force air-refueling tanker contract .
Boeing employees gathered Friday February 25 , 2011 to celebrate winning the $ 35 billion Air Force air-refueling tanker contract .
Boeing beat out rival EADS , landing a $ 35 billion Air Force deal to build some 200 tankers , essentially mid-air refueling stations .
The Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce said the Pentagon 's decision to award an air tanker contract to Boeing was an &quot ;egregious error&quot ; in a statement released this afternoon .
Boeing won the bid over the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Co. , or EADS , to build a new fleet of refueling tanker jets , Alabama and Mobile leaders had hope EADS would prevail and build the fleet of tankers here .
Boeing won the bid over the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Co. , or EADS , to build a new fleet of refueling tanker jets , Alabama and Mobile leaders had hope EADS would prevail and build the fleet of tankers here .
Boeing won the bid over the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Co. , or EADS , to build a new fleet of refueling tanker jets , Alabama and Mobile leaders had hope EADS would prevail and build the fleet of tankers here .
Boeing has far more employees here in Alabama than in Illinois .
It is a fixed price contract in which Boeing was deemed to be more than 1 % less expensive in immediate and long term costs over EADS.
When combined with the fact early reports say Boeing presented the better deal and Northrup Grumman fell to the wayside , it made it a difficult contract for EADS to win .
Also , Remember Boeing has far more employees in the state of Alabama than in Illinois .
The praise heaped on Boeing today sounded a lot like the praise given to the EADS plane three years ago .
Boeing has kept the 767 program going since early in the last decade with plant producing at a slow pace to keep the production line active and workers occupied .
Boeing recently overhauled the 767 assembly line , shrinking it to take up less room in Boeing&rsquo ;s Everett plant and reconfiguring it to make it more efficient .
Boeing has kept the 767 program going since early in the last decade with the plant producing at a slow pace to keep the production line active and workers occupied .
